Assignment2:
GitHub Usage Setting Up GitHub: Create an account on GitHub if you don't have one. Explain the steps you took to set up your GitHub account. Repository Creation: Create a new public GitHub repository named "my-first-repo." Provide a link to your repository.
Repository Cloning: Clone the "my-first-repo" repository to your local machine. Provide a screenshot of your terminal showing the clone command.
Collaborative Workflow: Invite a classmate or friend to collaborate on your repository. Ask them to fork your repository, make a change, and create a pull request. Accept their pull request, and explain the collaborative process.



Setting Up GitHub
Steps to Set Up Your GitHub Account:

Visit GitHub's Website:
Go to GitHub.

Sign Up:

Click on the "Sign up" button in the upper-right corner.
Fill in your details:
Username: Choose a unique username.
Email Address: Enter a valid email address.
Password: Create a strong password.
Verify Your Account:

Solve the puzzle to verify you are human.
Click "Create account."
Open the verification email and click the link.
Email Verification:

Verify your email address to complete the setup.
Set Up Profile:

Add a profile picture and bio if desired.
Repository Creation
Log In to GitHub:
Log in to your GitHub account.

Create a New Repository:

Click on the "+" icon in the upper-right corner and select "New repository."
Fill in the details:
Repository Name: my-first-repo
Description: (Optional) A brief description of your repository.
Public/Private: Select "Public."
Initialize this repository with a README: Check this box.
Click "Create repository."
Repository Link:
Here is the link to your newly created repository: my-first-repo (Replace "your-username" with your actual GitHub username).

Repository Cloning
Clone the Repository to Your Local Machine:


git clone https://github.com/your-username/my-first-repo.git
Replace "your-username" with your GitHub username.
This command clones the repository to your local machine.
Screenshot:
Ensure your terminal shows the clone command and successful cloning message.

Collaborative Workflow
Invite a Collaborator:

Go to your repository page.
Click on the "Settings" tab.
In the left sidebar, click on "Manage access."
Click on the "Invite a collaborator" button.
Enter the GitHub username or email of your classmate or friend and click "Add."
Forking the Repository (Classmate's Actions):

Your classmate should go to your repository page.
Click on the "Fork" button in the upper-right corner.
This creates a copy of your repository in their GitHub account.
Making a Change (Classmate's Actions):

Your classmate clones their forked repository to their local machine.
Makes a change (e.g., edits the README file).
Commits the change and pushes it to their forked repository.
Creating a Pull Request (Classmate's Actions):

Your classmate goes to the original repository (your repository) page.
Clicks on the "Pull requests" tab.
Clicks on the "New pull request" button.
Compares the changes and creates a pull request with a title and description.
Clicks "Create pull request."
Accepting the Pull Request (Your Actions):

You go to the "Pull requests" tab in your repository.
Click on the pull request created by your classmate.
Review the changes.
If everything is correct, click the "Merge pull request" button.
Confirm the merge to accept the changes into your repository.
Explanation of the Collaborative Process
The collaborative process involves:

Forking: Creating a personal copy of someone else's repository.
Cloning: Downloading the forked repository to your local machine.
Changes and Commits: Making changes, committing them locally, and pushing them to the forked repository.
Pull Request: Proposing changes to the original repository.
Review and Merge: Reviewing proposed changes and merging them into the original repository.
