Assignment3:
Version Control with GitBranching: Create a new branch in your Git repository called "feature-branch." Make changes to a file in this branch and commit them. Provide a screenshot of the branch creation and commit process.Merging: Merge the "feature-branch" into the main branch. Explain the merge process and resolve any conflicts if they occur.



Branching
Create a New Branch:


git checkout -b feature-branch
This command creates a new branch named feature-branch and switches to it.
Make Changes to a File and Commit:


echo "Some changes" >> README.md
git add README.md
git commit -m "Made changes in feature-branch"
Adds some changes to the README.md file in the feature-branch and commits these changes.
Merging
Merge the Branch:

git checkout main
git merge feature-branch
Switches to the main branch (git checkout main).
Merges changes from feature-branch into main (git merge feature-branch).
Explain the Merge Process:

Checkout Main Branch: First, you switch to the main branch to integrate changes (git checkout main).
Merge Feature Branch: Then, you merge the feature-branch into main to incorporate the changes made in feature-branch into main (git merge feature-branch).
Resolve Conflicts (if any): If Git detects conflicting changes between the branches, it will pause the merge process and ask you to resolve the conflicts manually.
Resolve Conflicts (if any):

If there are conflicts:

Git will inform you about the conflicting files.
Open the conflicted files in a text editor.
Manually resolve the conflicts by editing the files to keep the desired changes.
After resolving conflicts, stage the resolved files using git add <resolved-file> for each resolved file.
Commit the merge resolution using git commit -m "Resolved merge conflicts".
Screenshots
Please provide screenshots of your terminal showing:

The command used to create the feature-branch.
The command used to commit changes in the feature-branch.
The commands used to switch to main and merge feature-branch into main.